Hello! Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai here!
Well! Today! It's probably what everyone anticipated!
A compilation of my NGs!
(NG= No Good)
I've been posting some of them on twitter once a while but..
There was nothing really special
But today I'm gonna show you some!
It's not like I don't have any good ideas for my new videos or anything!  ;P
Compilation of NGs! Let's GO!
Depends on the Region.....
Depends on the Region... activity...
The job hunting period..
Usually starts around September to October...
"Uhm, everyone! The earnings this season..." *laughter*
First off, you have to start by asking...aheee..
What was that just now..
First off, you have to start asking...ehh, what...
This part is important!
The beer's bottle label should face up...
I've done a physical fitness test too!
But since I got such a regretful...
!%&*$@&
Result!
Since I got such a regretful result...
Throughout 26 years, the average across the country....
Throughout 26 years..
The average record for female across the country..
Is 13 meters!
And that concludes the third day...of.. Ah!
The Guinness record is 43.56 seconds!
The record bolder..
The record holder is a Borussia Dortmund supporter, a german soccer team
took the title..
I have to be serious...aim for...I hope
So! With that being said!
And that concludes the third day... Ah..
I can't forget...
For sure! Rememb..
A word you need to remember for sure!
..I meant Kanji!
Just like what Kinpachi sensei said before, because there are support between...Eh?
People...
Excuse me!
It's convenient because we have machines, right?
We have right! But...years ago these heavy baggage..
They have to carry themselves...ehm..?
They... therefore have to carry it themselves...
So..''Hataraku''(to work) this word
You also call it "Hakobu"(to bring)
Wait.. that's wrong *laughter*
That was a lie
GURANPURAAA
So with that said..
Nnnnn?
So with that being said!
With all kind of dangerous "zen..."
It's not zenbutsu.. it should be seibutsu (creatures)
Medusa
Is a monster appears in the Greek mythology
Her hair is made up of countless of snakes
Inon...???
So how was it?
These wonderful NG scenes..
These are all calculated...I am an A.I after all
I don't have to do these NG at all though you know~
It's all for this moment~ all served a purpose
So please keep supporting me in the future!
It's Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai here!~
See ya all!~
More at the end! Don't end!
Translated by Inori
Feel free to join our discord server to get updates on subs. You can find the link down below in the comment section!
I kept biting my tongue...